c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.exe
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.deps.json
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.dll
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.pdb
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.dll
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Задание.dll
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.pdb
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Кирилл\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Задание.dll
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.exe
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.deps.json
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.dll
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\bin\Debug\net8.0\Задание.pdb
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.dll
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Задание.dll
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.pdb
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\Задание.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\kiray\YandexDisk\Кирилл\Учеба\Инструментальные средства разработки VR-приложений\Лабораторная работа №1\Задание № 2\Задание\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Задание.dll
